Add initial docs for Go gRPC. (#2)
smallstep/practicalzt: src/docs/go-grpc/sections/02-try/03-test.mdx

> To try the server we will use `grpcurl`, and we will have to pass the flag
> `-cacert` with the root certificate of the `step-ca` instance, if we don't do
> this, the client will not trust the server, and the request will fail:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now let's use `grpcurl` to test the server.
We'll pass the flag `-cacert` with our root CA certificate file.
Without this, the client will not trust the server, and the request will fail:
```

> ```bash
> $ grpcurl -cacert ca.crt \
> -d '{"name": "Smallstep"}' myserver.mycompany.net:443 helloworld.Greeter/SayHello
> {
>   "message": "Hello Smallstep"
> } 
> ```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<CodeBlock language="shell-session" copyText="grpcurl -cacert ca.crt -d '{"name": "Smallstep"}' myserver.mycompany.net:443 helloworld.Greeter/SayHello">
{`$ grpcurl -cacert ca.crt \
-d '{"name": "Smallstep"}' myserver.mycompany.net:443 helloworld.Greeter/SayHello
{
  "message": "Hello Smallstep"
}`}
</CodeBlock>
```

> If instead of using `grpcurl` we will create a simple gRPC client using Go, we
> also need to load the root certificate to validate the server certificate with
> it:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Of course, typically you will want to write a gRPC client in Go, instead of using `grpcurl`. 
Like `grpcurl`, the client also needs to trust our root CA certificate to validate the server certificate.
Here's the code for a simple client:
```
